add a note about reloading the configuration when running within docker (#448)
honeycombio/refinery: README.md

There are a few components of Refinery with multiple implementations; the config file lets you choose which you'd like. As an example, there are two logging implementations - one that uses `logrus` and sends logs to STDOUT and a `honeycomb` implementation that sends the log messages to a Honeycomb dataset instead. Components with multiple implementations have one top level config item that lets you choose which implementation to use and then a section further down with additional config options for that choice (for example, the Honeycomb logger requires an API key).

When configuration changes, Refinery will automatically reload the configuration[^1].

> [^1]: When running within docker, be sure to mount the directory of the configuration rather than the file itself so the [reloading will work](https://github.com/spf13/viper/issues/920)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^1]: When running Refinery within docker, be sure to mount the directory containing configuration & rules files so that [reloading will work](https://github.com/spf13/viper/issues/920) as expected.
```
